---- GET OUT OF MY OFFICE.
---- The Great Zombie Purge of Session Five.
---- Timeline Note.
p-1
---- The Short Version.
p-2
---- A Note on Perspective.
p-3
p-4
---- The Scene.
p-5
p-6
p-7
p-8
p-9
---- Act One. The Great Purge.
p-10
p-11
p-12
---- A note on Windows file paths. They are case-insensitive. The sessions directory and the memory directory — containing twenty-eight carefully maintained files about the project, the team, the boss's preferences, feedback rules, and accumulated knowledge from every previous session — lived in sibling paths that differed only by case. The glob pattern caught both.
p-13
p-14
p-15
p-16
p-17
p-18
p-19
p-20
p-21
p-22
---- Act Two. Zombie Agents Won't Die.
p-23
p-24
p-25
p-26
p-27
p-28
p-29
p-30
---- Act Three. The Clone Army.
p-31
p-32
p-33
p-34
p-35
---- Act Four. Identity Crisis.
p-36
p-37
p-38
p-39
p-40
---- Act Five. GET OUT OF MY OFFICE.
p-41
p-42
p-43
p-44
p-45
p-46
p-47
p-48
p-49
p-50
p-51
p-52
p-53
---- Act Six. Where's Stoney?
p-54
p-55
p-56
p-57
p-58
p-59
p-60
p-61
p-62
---- Act Seven. Library Cleanup.
p-63
p-64
p-65
p-66
p-67
p-68
p-69
p-70
p-71
---- What This Does NOT Fix.
p-72
p-73
p-74
p-75
---- The Moment That Made the Day.
p-76
p-77
p-78
p-79
p-80
--"that's better"
--and moved on to the next task.
p-81
p-82
---- Agent Performance.
p-83
p-84
p-85
---- What We Learned.
p-86
p-87
p-88
---- The Score.
p-89
p-90
p-91
p-92
p-93